Downstream guide (#838)
packit/packit.dev: docs/cli/pull-from-upstream.md

---
title: pull-from-upstream
date: 2024-02-22
sidebar_position: 8
---

# `packit pull-from-upstream`

This is a detailed documentation for the update functionality of packit. The

> command creates a new pull request in Fedora (or CentOS Stream) using a selected or latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command creates a new pull request in Fedora (or CentOS Stream) using the selected or the latest
```
Not sure if this is better but "a selected" does not sounds to me...

upstream release. This command is meant to be called from **dist-git repository**.

## Requirements

* Upstream git repository on GitHub/GitLab.

> * Upstream release (read, git tag) where version in spec file is equivalent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upstream release (both release and git tag) where version in spec file is equivalent to
```

Not sure if this is what you mean.

Author: I just mostly copied what we already have for `propose-downstream`, but in fact git tag should be enough from CLI
